In this course I was solving problems related to each of the popular data structures. I implemented each of them with Pseudocode and C++. I learned to be more specific and rely less on built-in methods using C++ rather than Python or JavaScript which offer a variety of helper methods.
I approached the problem by extensively learning about each of the data structures and watching supplemental YouTube videos in Russian to help me understand the information better. I learned the most about hash tables and how useful they are. Especially when confronted with a large database, using the hashvalue to find the object needed with a constant runtime complexity is quite impressive in my opinion.
My biggest struggle in this project was C++, as it usually is. Even after two courses I am not nearly as comfortable with this language as I am with Python and JavaScript(TS). Working on this course made me think more deeply about how to structure large systems, and how programmers can make mistakes when building something which eventually leads to bugs in production. That even though something works, it doesn't mean it's not leaking memory, or the implementation is just sloppy.
As time progresses I think less about the systems from how to code it point of view, and more from the point of view of a Systems Analyst. So I pay close attention to things like appropriate commenting and documentation, error checking, that way the system is easy to understand and learn for anyone, and also that any time the system breaks proper debugging solutions are available.